# Midwestern-Benchmark
I mainly worked on the front-end challenge, since I wasn't too familiar with APIs and stuff. Hopefully all that will go away in due time. I am planning on learning a bit more javascript before I transition over to Node.js and Jquery. After that, I could learn about MySQL and some other languages for my other projects that me and my friends are working on.

Unfortunately, due to my lack of knowledge and little time, I could not complete all the challenges required of me and I ended up completing only one challenge (somewhat). Web development is still pretty new to me, but I tried my best to fiddle around with the code as much as I could. The first challenge was not 100% completed, but that was before I knew about `em` and `rem` values. Additionally, I also didn't know how to make the contact form show a red border and `Required` text in the `Email` input box. There are also some other things like Javascript but I learned it and was able to apply some knowledge from Java into my code. It may not be perfect but there it is.

Now, for the second and third challenges, I ended up not knowing anything about APIs. I actually had to look up videos and I attempted to work on them. But being one who was short on time, I had to put it on hold. So far, I've learned a little about how Jquery works and how I'd be able to get `.json` text from a url. Building an API for me, currently, is out of the question. I haven't learned anything about it as of yet, but as I said above, all of that will go away after some time. 

Lastly, I wanted to say that I had quite a bit of fun working on this website. Designing how the website was created and how it looked was pretty awesome, but I also had a lot of fun learning about javascript. I previously stated that I had worked on some Java projects in the past, and it was a lot of fun. I'm expecting to create some pretty cool stuff using javascript, html, and css.
